Milestone #1 – Target Date: Jan 29, 2021
Features:
1.	VM/Container Scheduling
    a.	API interface
    b.	Single/ReplicaSet (No Mix VM and Container in single request)
2.	Cluster on-boarding and management (to Global scheduler platform)
    a.	Cluster Register API (kubectl add cluster…)
    b.	Collect resources from the cluster (Pull for this release)
    c.	Support OpenStack cluster
3.	Deliver Global platform API Server (component) - optimized from Arktos API server, lightweight version
    a.	Support Global API interfaces
    b.	API Server HA
    c.	Storage/Etcd HA
4.	Deliver Scheduler (Component) -  scalable with profile based partitioning
    a.	Support static partitioning of schedulers 
    b.	Support OpenStack - Use existing API to schedule VMs
5.	Implement Scheduling Algorithm v1.0 – First version of the algorithm based on ranking and filtering
    a.	Support resource utilization based scheduling policy – (define our own)
    b.	Support location based scheduling policy
6.	Deliver Resource Collection Controller (Component) – 
    a.	Define resource API interfaces
    b.	Implement resource API for Openstack
    c.	Support Pull model

Milestone #2 - Target Date: April 2, 2021
Features:
1.	VM/Container Scheduling
    a.	Batch API (Support multiple VMs in atomic way)
    b.	Group API (Multiple VMs with no relationship)
    c.	Mix API (One request include both VMs and Containers)
2.	Cluster on-boarding and management (to Global scheduler platform)
    a.	Support Kubernetes cluster
    b.	Support Arktos cluster
3.	Deliver Global platform API Server (component) 
    a.	Support Batch and Mix APIs
    b.	Scale API Server - Partitioning
    c.	Scale Storage/Etcd – Partitioning 
4.	Deliver Scheduler (Component) -  scalable with profile based partitioning
    a.	Dynamic and load based partitioning of schedulers
    b.	Support Kubernetes/Arktos clusters
5.	Implement Scheduling Algorithm v2.0 – 
    a.	Support cost based scheduling policies
    b.	Support Power Consumption scheduling policies 
6.	Deliver Resource Collection Controller (Component) – 
    a.	Define resource API interfaces
    b.	Implement resource API for Kubernetes/Arktos
    c.	Support push model

Milestone #3 - Target Date: July 2, 2021
Features:
1.	VM/Container Scheduling
    a.	Additional API supports (TBD)
2.	Rescheduling Controller (Component) 
    a.	Monitor VM/Container traffic
    b.	Migrate VM/Container based on traffic flow/load
3.	Implement Scheduling Algorithm v2.0 – 
    a.	Support dynamic scheduling policy plug-in.
    4.	Research on distributed scheduling – (without collecting data or one level)
